doc/trex_analytics.asciidoc, before:

TRex Performance Trend
======================
:email: trex.tgen@gmail.com 
:quotes.++:
:numbered:
:web_server_url: https://trex-tgn.cisco.com/trex
:local_web_server_url: csi-wiki-01:8181/trex
:toclevels: 6
:tabledef-default.subs: normal,callouts

include::trex_ga.asciidoc[]

// PDF version - image width variable
ifdef::backend-docbook[]
:p_width: 450
endif::backend-docbook[]

// HTML version - image width variable
ifdef::backend-xhtml11[]
:p_width: 800
endif::backend-xhtml11[]


= TRex performance trend 

== Setup: XL710 (4x40GbE)  trex-08

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240M3 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 2 NICS x ( 2x 40GbE ) Intel XL710, Total ports 4
| NUMA    | NIC0-NUMA 0 , NIC1-NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | Fedora 18 - baremetal
|=================

image:images/trex08_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex08 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex08_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex08_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex08_trend_graph.png[title="trex08_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex08_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex08_trend_stats.csv[]
|===

== Setup:  X710 (8x10GbE) trex-09 

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240M3 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 2 NICS x ( 2x 40GbE ) Intel X710, Total 8 ports 
| NUMA    | NIC0-NUMA0 , NIC1-NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | Fedora 18 - baremetal
|=================


image:images/trex09_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex09 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex09_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex09_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex09_trend_graph.png[title="trex09_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex09_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex09_trend_stats.csv[]
|===



== Setup:  82599EB (4x10GbE) kiwi02

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 220M3
| CPU:    | 2 x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2650 0 @ 2.00GHz (low end)
| NICs:   | 2(NICS)x (2x10GbE) (4 ports) Intel 82599EB Total 4 ports
| NUMA    | NIC0-NUMA0 , NIC1-NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 1x PCIe16 + 1xPCIe8
| OS:     | Fedora 18 - baremetal
|=================


image:images/kiwi02_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex09 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/kiwi02_latest_test_runs.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/kiwi02_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/kiwi02_trend_graph.png[title="kiwi02_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/kiwi02_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/kiwi02_trend_stats.csv[]
|===



== Setup:   Cisco 1300 VIC (2x40GbE) trex-11

[IMPORTANT]
=====================================
* this setup is not baremetal, performance are low due to that
=====================================


.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240M3 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 1 NIC x ( 2x 40GbE ) Cisco 1300 VIC
| NUMA    | Unknown due to ESXi
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | Ubuntu 14 - ESXi only 4 cores are utilized 
|=================

image:images/trex11_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex11 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex11_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex11_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex11_trend_graph.png[title="trex11_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex11_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex11_trend_stats.csv[]
|===


== Setup:  Mellanox ConnectX-4 (2x100GbE) trex-07

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 1 NIC x 100G (2 ports) Mellanox ConnectX-4 NUMA#1
| NUMA    | One NIC on NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | CentOS 7.2 - baremetal
|=================

image:images/trex07_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex07 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex07_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex07_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex07_trend_graph.png[title="trex07_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex07_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex07_trend_stats.csv[]
|===

== Comparison between Mellanox ConnectX-4 (2x100GbE) (trex-07) and XL710 (4x40GbE)  (trex-08)
image:images/_comparison.png[title="comparison",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/_comparison.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/_comparison_stats_table.csv[]
|===


== Raw information 

raw information can be found here link:images/_detailed_table.csv[raw_info.csv]

Commit message:

added option to support input from elk in analyticsWebReport, added TRexDataAnalysisV2 that has OOP design, added details to asciidoc that provide more info on how we calculate MPPS/Core
Signed-off-by: itraviv <itraviv@cisco.com>

doc/trex_analytics.asciidoc, after:

TRex Performance Trend
======================
:email: trex.tgen@gmail.com 
:quotes.++:
:numbered:
:web_server_url: https://trex-tgn.cisco.com/trex
:local_web_server_url: csi-wiki-01:8181/trex
:toclevels: 6
:tabledef-default.subs: normal,callouts

include::trex_ga.asciidoc[]

// PDF version - image width variable
ifdef::backend-docbook[]
:p_width: 450
endif::backend-docbook[]

// HTML version - image width variable
ifdef::backend-xhtml11[]
:p_width: 800
endif::backend-xhtml11[]


= TRex performance trend 
Performance is measured in a metric called MPPS/Core (Norm), which stands for Mega-Packet per second (Norm). +
 +
How the calculation is made? +
 +
We measure the MPPS of the dut in it's best working point. +
The measurement is then scaled to fit 100% CPU utilization, and finally divided by the number of cores the device has,
to get a normalized MPPS/Core which is denoted as MPPS/Core (Norm) +
 +
How to run these tests? +
[source,python]
----
       trex-core/scripts> ./run_regression --stl -t <name of test> --cfg setups/<name of setup>
----

== Setup: XL710 (4x40GbE)  trex-08

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240M3 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 2 NICS x ( 2x 40GbE ) Intel XL710, Total ports 4
| NUMA    | NIC0-NUMA 0 , NIC1-NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | Fedora 18 - baremetal
|=================

image:images/trex08_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex08 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex08_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex08_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex08_trend_graph.png[title="trex08_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex08_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex08_trend_stats.csv[]
|===

== Setup:  X710 (8x10GbE) trex-09 

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240M3 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 2 NICS x ( 2x 40GbE ) Intel X710, Total 8 ports 
| NUMA    | NIC0-NUMA0 , NIC1-NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | Fedora 18 - baremetal
|=================


image:images/trex09_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex09 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex09_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex09_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex09_trend_graph.png[title="trex09_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex09_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex09_trend_stats.csv[]
|===



== Setup:  82599EB (4x10GbE) kiwi02

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 220M3
| CPU:    | 2 x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2650 0 @ 2.00GHz (low end)
| NICs:   | 2(NICS)x (2x10GbE) (4 ports) Intel 82599EB Total 4 ports
| NUMA    | NIC0-NUMA0 , NIC1-NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 1x PCIe16 + 1xPCIe8
| OS:     | Fedora 18 - baremetal
|=================


image:images/kiwi02_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex09 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/kiwi02_latest_test_runs.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/kiwi02_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/kiwi02_trend_graph.png[title="kiwi02_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/kiwi02_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/kiwi02_trend_stats.csv[]
|===



== Setup:   Cisco 1300 VIC (2x40GbE) trex-11

[IMPORTANT]
=====================================
* this setup is not baremetal, performance are low due to that
=====================================


.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240M3 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 1 NIC x ( 2x 40GbE ) Cisco 1300 VIC
| NUMA    | Unknown due to ESXi
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | Ubuntu 14 - ESXi only 4 cores are utilized 
|=================

image:images/trex11_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex11 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex11_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex11_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex11_trend_graph.png[title="trex11_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex11_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex11_trend_stats.csv[]
|===


== Setup:  Mellanox ConnectX-4 (2x100GbE) trex-07

.Setup Details
[options='header',cols="1,5"]
|=================
| Server  | Cisco UCS 240 
| CPU:    | 2 sockets x Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2667 v3 @ 3.20GHz, 8 cores
| NICs:   | 1 NIC x 100G (2 ports) Mellanox ConnectX-4 NUMA#1
| NUMA    | One NIC on NUMA1
| Memory  | 2x16GB 
| PCIe    | 2x PCIe16 + 2xPCIe4
| OS:     | CentOS 7.2 - baremetal
|=================

image:images/trex07_latest_test_runs.png[title="trex07 test runs",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex07_latest_test_runs.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex07_latest_test_runs_stats.csv[]
|===

=== Trend: Performance Over Time

image:images/trex07_trend_graph.png[title="trex07_trend_graph",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/trex07_trend_graph.png"]

[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/trex07_trend_stats.csv[]
|===

== Comparison between Mellanox ConnectX-4 (2x100GbE) (trex-07) and XL710 (4x40GbE)  (trex-08)
image:images/_comparison.png[title="comparison",align="left",width={p_width}, link="images/_comparison.png"]
 
[format="csv", options="header",halign='center']
|===
include::build/images/_comparison_stats_table.csv[]
|===


== Raw information 

raw information can be found here link:images/_detailed_table.csv[raw_info.csv]
